README.md, before:


# live-coding-csharp (Can use as a GitHub Codespaces Template for .NET 7 with F#)

### Lesson 3: Build a phrase repeater without library

TO DO:  Look at the C# System.Command CLI library.  Does it work with F#?


### Lesson 2:  Checkout building the app into something that accepts arguments

WARNING:  Did not work with .NET 7.

See this library:https://github.com/fsprojects/Argu
To Do:  Build an Application that repeats a phrase five times.

`dotnet add package Argu --version 6.1.1`

### Lesson 1:  Setup F# and Run Hello Works

#### Interactive Mode
1. To start interactive mode: `dotnet fsi`
2. To get help:  `#help;;`
3. To quit do the following:  `#q;;`

#### Running FSX Scripts

put this in a file: `printfn "Hello World!"` called `hello.fsx`

`dotnet fsi hello.fsx`


```fsharp
// For more information see https://aka.ms/fsharp-console-apps
// Repeats a phrase n times:


// Define a new function to print a name.
let printGreeting name =
    printfn $"Hello {name} from F#!"

// Call the function.
//printGreeting "World"

// Define a new function to print a name n times.
let printGreetingNTimes name n =
    for i in 1..n do
        printGreeting name

// Call the function.
printGreetingNTimes "World" 5
```


#### Create an F# Application using a Template

Reference: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/modules/fsharp-first-steps/7-fsharp-build-application

`dotnet new console --language F# -o MyFSharpApp` and cd into directory

To run it:  `dotnet run`




## References

* [tutorial microsoft](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/fsharp)
* [hello world tutorial](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/languages/fsharp-hello-world-tutorial/modify)
* [setup environment](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/modules/fsharp-first-steps/4-set-up-development-environment-exercise)

Commit message:

adding example for the day

README.md, after:


# live-coding-csharp (Can use as a GitHub Codespaces Template for .NET 7 with F#)

### Lesson 4:  Continue to explore the pig latin example

Didn't fully grok yet, and need to explore and get interactive fsharp working!

### Lesson 3: Build a phrase repeater without library

TO DO:  Look at the C# System.Command CLI library.  Does it work with F#?



### Lesson 2:  Checkout building the app into something that accepts arguments

WARNING:  Did not work with .NET 7.

See this library:https://github.com/fsprojects/Argu
To Do:  Build an Application that repeats a phrase five times.

`dotnet add package Argu --version 6.1.1`

### Lesson 1:  Setup F# and Run Hello Works

#### Interactive Mode
1. To start interactive mode: `dotnet fsi`
2. To get help:  `#help;;`
3. To quit do the following:  `#q;;`

#### Running FSX Scripts

put this in a file: `printfn "Hello World!"` called `hello.fsx`

`dotnet fsi hello.fsx`


```fsharp
// For more information see https://aka.ms/fsharp-console-apps
// Repeats a phrase n times:


// Define a new function to print a name.
let printGreeting name =
    printfn $"Hello {name} from F#!"

// Call the function.
//printGreeting "World"

// Define a new function to print a name n times.
let printGreetingNTimes name n =
    for i in 1..n do
        printGreeting name

// Call the function.
printGreetingNTimes "World" 5
```


#### Create an F# Application using a Template

Reference: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/modules/fsharp-first-steps/7-fsharp-build-application

`dotnet new console --language F# -o MyFSharpApp` and cd into directory

To run it:  `dotnet run`




## References

* [tutorial microsoft](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/fsharp)
* [hello world tutorial](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/languages/fsharp-hello-world-tutorial/modify)
* [setup environment](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/modules/fsharp-first-steps/4-set-up-development-environment-exercise)
